soft okay which one soft soft okay
through your softness and H yeah exactly
in the next line it is definitely soft
as the first one yep if we go back to
that first line through the upper and
lower world's Body and Soul what's the
next one low low okay up low yeah so if
you want you can take out a pen or a
pencil and you can begin to Mark these
things because what we're starting to do
right now
is called scanning you look on your
sheet you'll see scansion on your
definition sheet the goal of scansion is
to recognize understand and appreciate
the basic pattern of a colum's meter
scansion is to Mark these accents and
then we begin to understand how the col
is working it's magic on us yeah is
there a specific symbol yes great
question the symbol that we're using is
actually on the bottom of your sheet
uh it's called a wand I've invented my
own simple names for these symbols
sometimes people call it um an accent
mark or a grab or something like that
but yeah this Mark right
here is going to Mark the stronger
syllables